Information Retrieval (2/5) (#119)
PyTorchLightning/metrics: docs/source/references/modules.rst

~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: torchmetrics.R2Score
    :noindex:

*********
Retrieval
*********

Input details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For the purposes of retrieval metrics, inputs (indexes, predictions and targets) must have the same size
(``N`` stands for the batch size) and the following types:

.. csv-table::
    :header: "indexes shape", "indexes dtype", "preds shape", "preds dtype", "target shape", "target dtype"
    :widths: 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10

    "``long``", "(N,...)", "``float``", "(N,...)", "``long`` or ``bool``", "(N,...)"

.. note::

>     All dimensions are "squeezed out" at the beginning, so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All dimensions are flattened at the beginning, so
```

    that, for example, a tensor of shape ``(N, M)`` is treated as ``(N * M, )``.

> In Information Retrieval you have a query that is compared with a variable number of documents. For each pair ``(Q_i, D_j)``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In information retrieval you have a query that is compared with a variable number of documents. For each pair ``(Q_i, D_j)``,
```

Reviewer 2: I think that this can stay if we follow shortcut like "In Information Retrieval (IR) you have a query"

> a score is computed that measures the relevance of document ``D`` wrt query ``Q``. Documents are then sorted by score

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a score is computed that measures the relevance of document ``D`` w.r.t. query ``Q``. Documents are then sorted by score
```
